the next day diesel 10's cousin and
diesel hid Clarabel with everything they
could find signs even steps from old
building sunken tears and some notice
and they even pushed her go off the
rails and then picked up the stuff and
just put it down carbo of course didn't
pick up for a long time after she was
kidding
it wasn't until about 8 minutes after
Thomas buffered up onto Annie and the
decoy Claire
and even then Clarabel
still wasn't fully awake but before then
Thomas was just backing down on a knee
and the decoy Clarabel at the docks
morning cranky what's so good morning
about it you're always grumpy then dodge
looking over at Thomas snicker to
himself hello Dodge don't try to scrap
me maybe I'll stop the same fate of
splatter thank goodness for the hero oh
you shut up unknowing of his coming doom
he let his last load out just as Gordon
was getting ready to start his jobs hey
what are you doing Percy he's supposed
to be showing my cars no good for us
yeah yes Gordon so Percy
oh hello Percy
hello Thomas but then just almost as
soon as Thomas got down the big bridge
Brad Thomas coupled up boom just as
Thomas tried to puff away
anything seriously hurt
luckily Victor you might want to check
the yards let's take this one to the
smelters yard right
the clarabelle beyond repair was taken
away to the smelters we turn in a scrap